wanna welcome you to the New York
Rangers casino night which benefits the
Garden of Dreams Foundation
I think it's heaven
it's fun to see teammates dressed up
it's fun to me bass and
you know overall it's just a lot of good
things happen tonight you raise money
for a great cause and my fifth year here
and every year it's just a lot of fun to
do stuff regarding beans that's a great
event I mean you know I know the players
love coming out to it it's a fun event
where you get to mingle with some of the
fans and you know it's all for a great
cause too so it's always a good thing I
mean lots of people getting to meet the
fans and everybody's been so so positive
and encouraging it's been great for me
you know just got to get a feel for
everything and you know you can see kind
of what this organization is all about
and all the good things they do honestly
you know what you're doing out there
definitely you know I'm a big card
player I'm not at all you know I miss my
little Caribbean said right now is
having a good time being with the people
here I'm not going to name names but
they do who they are out there on our
team bed know how to play cars and you
know I think it's more of a this fun
time tonight and you know if you want to
play it's good but more for the people
here to enjoy our company and you know
just to talk to us one-on-one split them
whoa why not
just fun interacting get a chance to
hang out some some of the fans for
people like come on support us every
night and you know some of these dealers
can be a little bit ruthless sometimes I
was just helping them out is having some
fun
well Michael Dell's autos is strictly
because of how old he is he's still a
teenager so rightfully so he's dressing
like a teenager I haven't seen anyone
else Boro's a little bit of a sparkle
and his talks which still undecided this
one
I guess Calvin Klein tux with the dolce
gabbana shirt and bow tie pretty simple
standard standard issue standard shiny
yeah standard shiner him oh I saw
everyone else was picking the plain
black figured I was 90 and I may as well
take advantage of it i just kind of kind
of went with it and got some good
reviews so i might have to keep one with
it they may've enough to buy it it's a
rental but we'll see how it goes no way
it's a rental yeah it is i don't know if
i could buy one of these but i think
after tonight uh a lot of the guys were
like in a few girls have said a few good
things everybody have to buy it i think
all white they like to have a lot of
laughs in the background here but
if it fits this profile I don't think I
could pull that off I'm not sure what
happened with Del Zotto he might have
lost a bet or you know somebody came
some bad advice but he looked at like a
bit of a marshmallow everyone else looks
pretty good though we'll end the evening
tonight with a fabulous live auction
which has some really really special
items 500 I've God will give me 65 the
bitter get 66 of it go 7 can I get 4,000
4000 thank you very much 3501 3500 twice
it's sold for 3500 yeah what is head
5,000 5,000 here it goes you got it
thank you very much that was easy did he
give me 5,000 for the garden of greens
5,000 and the Garden of Dreams wins
thank you